Add F.A.Q. section (#185)
organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io: content/faq/map-18-search/index.md

---
title: How to use search?
description: "Frequently asked questions for Organic Maps application"

taxonomies:
  faq: ["Map"]

extra:
  order: 180
---

> You can search places, addresses, cities, sites and many other interrests. OrganicMaps looks not only by name but by type. You can find nearest drinking water, bycicle parking, bookstore or cave from search field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can search places, addresses, cities, sites and many other interests. OrganicMaps looks not only by name but by type. You can find nearest drinking water, bicycle parking, bookstore or cave from search field.
```

> OrganicMaps can search by coordinates in many formats: `41.9142, 12.4849`, `N 41° 54' 51.12" E 12° 29' 5.639"`, `33T 291418 4643309` (UTM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organic Maps can search by coordinates in many formats: `41.9142, 12.4849`, `N 41° 54' 51.12" E 12° 29' 5.639"`, `33T 291418 4643309` (UTM).
```
